---
layout: blog/24/10/100daystounload.njk
title: "Upcoming Changes to Living"
date: 2024-11-02
light: "#c2efae"
dark: "#032100"
accent: "#44ff00"
articleNumber: 27
permalink: "/more/archive/blog/2024/11/livingchanges.html"
---
Hello. We think it would be in the general public's best interest to be aware of upcoming changes to the human experience. These changes will affect how you live, so please review them carefully.

Starting tomorrow at `00:00` UTC (12:00 AM), up to only 1/2 of the population will exist simultaneously. 1/4 of the population will be chosen at random to exist for that day. People selected at random can recruit one other person to also exist for that day. The same individual cannot recruit the person they previously recruited. If you have been recruited to exist, you cannot select a person to exist for that day.

Recruiting somebody is easy. Your conscious will of selected somebody to recruit automatically. Selecting a person to recruit is as easy of thinking of them, no matter how much information you have. It doesn't matter if you think of someone who you know the full name of, "the person wearing a yellow shirt in the store", or the online handle of a person. As long as you can think of that person, they can be selected. Multiple people selecting the same person will not have any greater effect.

If you are not selected for a day, you will not be dead, but you will not be alive either; you will simply not exist. You will not feel anything when you enter or exit existence, you will simply appear or vanish.

The following is a list of everything that will appear in and out of existence:
- Human body
- Any cells generated by the human body, dead or alive
- Fecal matter
- Urine
- Any other bodily fluids

Due to urine no longer existing, technically it is safe to drink the liquid remains of urine after someone stops existing. However, this should not be done, as urine will be reintroduced back into the water system once the person starts to exist again.

Instead of a person being born, an orb will come out during labor. This orb represents the head of a sperm, and has a design based on the DNA of the person. When a person comes into existence at the start of a day, they will appear at the location of the orb. Because of this, we recommend placing the orb in the bedroom or other important room of the person the orb is intended for. **DO NOT PLACE TWO ORBS NEXT TO EACH OTHER AS THE EFFECTS OF THIS ARE STILL UNKNOWN**.

When a person dies, they will no longer be summoned. A person cannot die when they don't exist, as they don't exist. A person can only die when they are in the world. The carcass and any other human remains belonging to that person will still be summoned into and out of existence at the start and end of days. Deceased people can be recruited to exist, however they do not count towards the 1/4 of people who are randomly selected each day. Instead, half of the deceased people will be selected at random completely separately.

Orbs of people are fairly durable and are able to survive disasters such as fires, severe weather, and other events, however they can still break under extreme circumstances. If an orb is broken, that person can no longer be summoned into existence, deceased or not. They will not immediately die if the orb is broken, but instead continue to exist for the rest of that day.

## Routine Changes

These changes will cause human schedule routines to be updated.

Due to the unpredictable nature of who is going to continue existing after midnight, mandatory curfews are to be setup starting at `23:30`. All vehicle traffic must stop and everyone is expected to be indoors or in a safe location. Additionally, it is recommended that everyone becomes completely naked and remove all accessories 15 minutes before midnight. Clothes and accessories, including body implants, will not come with you while you stop existing, and will instead fall to the floor.

Most services will be unavailable starting at `23:00`, an hour before midnight. Essential services, such as electricity, sewage, water, and more will attempt to remain available, however slight disruptions to these services may occur after midnight.

Due to the nature of the world, the education system will be revamped to allow students to work at their own pace, instead of being forced to follow a schedule. Instead of one teacher presenting for an entire classroom, multiple teachers will be available to help students one on one if they are having any issues. Additionally, online schools may be worth looking into.

Due to the new nature of living, sleep will no longer be a requirement for humans. Energy can still be depleted, but sleeping and becoming tired won't be an issue. Sleep will not become completely useless, however. Positive effect such as reduction in stress will still be applied. Humans won't become tired, but they will become burnt out still. If you are selected for a second day in a row, your energy will **not** be recharged.

## Conclusion

Once again, these changes will come into effect tomorrow. Please, start adjusting your schedules and updating your routines in preparation immediately.

Thank you for your understanding.

---

*hello! i came up with this idea while i was working last night, and i thought it was somewhat interesting, so i wanted to share it. this is my first time writing a fictional article, so i thought this was fun. i don't know if this was good or bad, but i enjoyed writing it. i still have no idea if im going to expand on this or not*